I think dono people out other planets
well no can I take this off now I keep
getting shocked and my heart is beating
weird yeah yeah I probably wouldn't
sweat too much in that thing grandpa
learned the hard way
seriously mom fake snow I'm sorry but
the real stuff kept melting I know
I'm here it's fun right now I'm not
doing this stupid showing it's stupid of
it stupid I think you look adorable
doesn't he look adorable sobbing mom
you're bearson my measurements for the
tree are correct we should be able to
fit a 41 footer pretty big I think an
actual ladder would be better at math
let's get down to business and
strategize for operation get the perfect
tree I wanted to call it operation
needle well I changed it then but right
now I need to download you an operation
needle fine you were right I actually
can forward to Christmas dinner is
guaranteed to be ruined since mom is
letting Riley cook and the only things
that she knows how to make are dry
muffins and burnt toast she's standing
right behind me isn't she yep
well yeah I'm sorry I didn't mean it
you're an amazing cook look see who
listen like anybody would believe I
could be a grandmother oh wait I better
not be oh man I knew I should have had
him fixed
I don't know what that used to be honey
but I sure feel bad for it should be car
Vader just chip off a corner guys come
on Riley tried her best and she did it
for us besides his Christmas all that
matters is that we're together
did you invite someone else to dinner I
may have ordered a backup pizza wow
that's a good idea
hey hey don't judge me when you learn to
wash a dish I'll get off the bottle
morning man I did not see it Oh last
night no I do not need to hear about
your amazing sex life over my bagel I'm
bet I will girlfriend now
I stayed up all night doing it okay
first of all baby
second of all Riley slept at her place
and third of all I do not sew like that
wait so I had a baby in my room all
night that wasn't mine for no reason
whatsoever
yeah thanks bro hugs and tears and what
came very close to a kiss shoot they're
best friends
okay just think how you would react if I
told you I was moving um I don't think
I'd kiss you you don't know that
look if you're so worried why don't you
just go talk to her
oh yeah right hey Riley I'm a crazy
jealous boyfriend you have any feelings
for my brother Cece you do sound like
that yeah I don't care you say okay
there's definitely something weird going
on around here
morning boys Bonnie's babysitting barn
is open for business
you Bertha we nurse them have your baby
cared for by a licensed professional
license penny
nope nothing weird going on here
six good you're all here
oh shoot I forgot how many I started out
with how do I look
like the reason French people hate us
Lala what do we have here
another hidden love note from Monde
girlfriend
it means girlfriend I don't know what
mine means okay seriously has anyone
seen been kind of Scruffy's and things
like hey babe what's up why does
everyone think I sound like and you
really do right oh my god yes so much
and you really love to Archie huh oh my
god yes so much I think we need to shut
down the babysitting barn there was some
kind of tinkle chain-reaction in there
okay you've been asked about his
bedspread you haven't seen it damn it
that is Ben wheeler world's most amazing
boyfriend and you're about to witness
the magic that is Tucker Dobbs world's
least interested roommate